Add 3D rendering release notes (#1411)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/release-notes/13057_Implement_volumetric_fog_and_volumetric_lighting_also_know.md

Not all fog is created equal.
Bevy's existing implementation covers [distance fog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance_fog), which is fast, simple and not particularly realistic.

In Bevy 0.14, this is supplemented with volumetric fog, based on [volumetric lighting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volumetric_lighting), which simulates fog using actual 3D space, rather than simply distance from the camera.
As you might expect, this is both prettier and more computationally expensive!

> In particular, this allows for the creation of stunningly beautiful "god rays" (light shafts) shining through the fog.

Reviewer: Proper name is "crepuscular rays", fwiw.

Reviewer 2: I think the term "god rays" should still be included here, because that's the more recognizable of the two terms. (Of course, why not both?)

Author: ```suggestion
In particular, this allows for the creation of stunningly beautiful "god rays" (more properly, crepuscular rays) shining through the fog.
```

Not all fog is created equal.

> Bevy's existing implementation covers [distance fog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance_fog), which is fast, simple and not particularly realistic.

Reviewer 3: I like Oxford commas. But up to you.
```suggestion
Bevy's existing implementation covers [distance fog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance_fog), which is fast, simple, and not particularly realistic.
```

Not all fog is created equal.
Bevy's existing implementation covers [distance fog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance_fog), which is fast, simple, and not particularly realistic.

In Bevy 0.14, this is supplemented with volumetric fog, based on [volumetric lighting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volumetric_lighting), which simulates fog using actual 3D space, rather than simply distance from the camera.
As you might expect, this is both prettier and more computationally expensive!

In particular, this allows for the creation of stunningly beautiful "god rays" (more properly, crepuscular rays) shining through the fog.

{{ compare_slider(
    left_title="Without Volumetric Fog",
    left_image="without_volumetric_fog.png",
    right_title="With Volumetric Fog",
    right_image="with_volumetric_fog.png"
) }}

> Bevy's algorithm, which is implemented as a postprocessing effect, is a combination of the techniques described in [Scratchapixel](https://www.scratchapixel.com/lessons/3d-basic-rendering/volume-rendering-for-developers/intro-volume-rendering.html) and [Alexandre Pestana's blog post](https://www.alexandre-pestana.com/volumetric-lights/). It uses raymarching in screen space, transformed into shadow map space for sampling and combined with physically-based modeling of absorption and scattering. Bevy employs the widely-used Henyey-Greenstein phase function to model asymmetry; this essentially allows light shafts to fade into and out of existence as the user views them.

Reviewer 4: This should probably mention that we use a raymarching implementation from h2r3tic ported to wgsl https://gist.github.com/h3r2tic/9c8356bdaefbe80b1a22ae0aaee192db

And that's also the same raymarching used for SSR. I haven't looked at the SSR section yet so if it's mentioned there maybe just say that fog also uses it.
